README.md, before:

# Flip Card Game.

## Description
Flip card is a memory pairs card game suitable for all ages. 

## Overview
When you start up the application you will see an instruction screen, this is where you also choose your theme
for the game. Once chosen the theme the game page will be revealed and show all of the pictures for a few seconds. 
They will then flip over and you have to turn the cards over by clicking on them one at a time and try to find the matching picture. 
Once all cards have been matched your highscores will show and you will have the option to play again or end the game. 

## Contributions
Flip Card was created by Gurdeep Banger, Seamus Barnett, Sophie Davis and Sarah Clarke

## Technologies used
React.js
Tailwind.js
React box flip
Axios
Unsplash
React canvas confetti 

## Licence
MIT Licence

## Github Repository
https://github.com/Joanne1980/FlipCard

## Deployed website


## Screenshots
![alt text](/public/Instructions.png?raw=true)
![alt text](/public/Game.png?raw=true)
![alt text](/public/game1.png?raw=true)
![alt text](/public/highscores.png?raw=true)

Commit message:

added comments about the api's and libraries we have used in the readme

README.md, after:

# Flip Card Game.

## Description
Flip card is a memory pairs card game suitable for all ages. 

## Overview
When you start up the application you will see an instruction screen, this is where you also choose your theme
for the game. Once chosen the theme the game page will be revealed and show all of the pictures for a few seconds. 
They will then flip over and you have to turn the cards over by clicking on them one at a time and try to find the matching picture. 
Once all cards have been matched your highscores will show and you will have the option to play again or end the game. 

## Contributions
Flip Card was created by Gurdeep Banger, Seamus Barnett, Sophie Davis and Sarah Clarke

## Technologies used
React.js
Tailwind.js - We used the Tailwind Library for the CSS.
React box flip
Axios
Unsplash - we used the Unsplash api to provide us with the themed pictures.
React canvas confetti - we used the confetti library to add the confetti effect once you finish the game.
Tenor - we used the Tenor api to add a congratulations giphy when you complete the game.


## Licence
MIT Licence

## Github Repository
https://github.com/Joanne1980/FlipCard

## Deployed website


## Screenshots
![alt text](/public/Instructions.png?raw=true)
![alt text](/public/Game.png?raw=true)
![alt text](/public/game1.png?raw=true)
![alt text](/public/highscores.png?raw=true)
